Hey guys and welcome back to another segment of Block Talk with Brandi.
And so, in this part, we'll be asking-
we just covered a lot about the transaction life cycle,
we've been focusing specifically on Bitcoin.
I'm just wondering how did these principles
apply and do they apply to other block chains?
Absolutely, so, anytime that you establish identity on a block chain you need to
manage that identity and as you notice it's backed by your private and public key,
and you want to really keep that private key secure.
So, the same principles that all of us have learned throughout
the lesson is applicable on almost any platform that deals with block chain technologies.
You still have an identity,
it needs to be managed,
and you want it secure so if there's anything that we're trying to get out of
all this is the power of keeping your identity secure.
Nice. That's a very key point to take away and I thought
the power of what we're learning is universal.
So with that, let's take it to the course recap.